Update webtop5.rst (#609)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/webtop5.rst

In the same way, you can always share your contacts by selecting the directory you want to share -> right click -> "Sharing and permissions".
Select the recipient user of the share (or Group), and enable permissions for both the folder and the individual items.

Resource calendars
==================

With impersonal resource calendars it is possible to manage reservations exclusively for company resources such as company cars, meeting rooms and shared equipment in general.

> The reservation of a resource takes place during the creation of a calendar event by adding among the guests the necessary resources for that specific time period, being able to immediately evaluate their real availability based on the other reservations already made.

Reviewer: Refactor the paragraph: use shorter sentences without asides.

Creating a new resource
-----------------------

> Before creating a new resource in the WebTop admin panel it is necessary to create a specific user (in the configured user base) which will be dedicated to the resource.

Reviewer: Same as above: use simple sentences.

.. note::

>    If the newly created user is not used for other purposes, it is advisable to block it and to make his built-in email address only available for internal use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the newly created user is not used for other purposes, it is advisable to block it and to make the built-in email address only available for internal use
```

Once the account has been created, you can access the WebTop admin panel to create the new resource and fill in the required fields:

:guilabel:`Name:` name of the resource which must coincide with the user created on the account provider

> :guilabel:`Display Name:` description of the resource that will be displayed as a calendar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Display Name:` description of the resource that will be displayed as calendar
```

:guilabel:`Type:` choose the type of resource between Room and Equipment

> :guilabel:`Available Resource:` if not selected, the resource will not be available and bookable by the users

Reviewer: What is this for? I can't understand how it works.
Maybe is it better to add an example?

:guilabel:`Email:` leave as suggested (resource@domain.ext)

:guilabel:`Permissions:` add the users or groups who will be able to book the resource
(for example, in order to allow all users to use the resource, add the "users" group)

:guilabel:`Manager:` indicate whether to assign a "manager" user (or group) who will be able to delete or move reservations made by other users on this resource

Finishing with the :guilabel:`Save & Close` button, the resource will be created and automatically added to the shared calendars of the users specified in the permissions.

Booking a resource
------------------

> Users who will have permission to book a resource will be able to do so by creating a calendar event and adding the resource among the guests using the "Add Resource" button

Reviewer: Refactor: use simple sentences.

Use `guilabel` tag for "Add Resource"

With the :guilabel:`Show availability` button, a table with the busy and free time intervals of the added resources is shown.

It is possible to modify the time-span resolution shown in the table using this key:

.. image:: _static/webtop-resource_cal.png

Change reservation of a resource
--------------------------------

> Each user can modify (delete or move) a reservation only if they are the owner of the event through which the resource was reserved.

Reviewer: Is this rewording correct?
```suggestion
Only the event owner can change the resource reservation.
```
